***********************************************************************
            WELCOME TO THE PARALLAX, INC PRODUCT CD-ROM!
***********************************************************************

This CD-ROM is loaded with photographs, documentation, software and
source code for nearly all of the products we manufacture and/or sell.
Also included is our full-color catalog and links to our web sites!

------------------- IF YOU JUST PURCHASED A PRODUCT -------------------

If you have just received this CD as part of a product or kit purchase,
you may need some specific information (documents, software, etc)
contained on this CD-ROM.

To find these items (assuming the CD auto started):

1) Select the Kits section.

2) Select (or highlight) the item, from the Items list, that most
   closely describes the product or kit you purchased.  (You may have
   to scroll the items list to see more products).

3) Click on the Install button (below the Items list).  A message will
   appear showing the directory on your hard drive in which we suggest
   installing the files.  If you wish, you can change the installation
   directory.

4) Click OK to copy the files to your hard drive.  That's It!  You may
   now use the files that were installed into that directory.  If the
   documentation that accompanied your product indicates the use of
   certain files, they should also be in this directory.

----------------------- ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ------------------------

When the Parallax CD is inserted into your computer's CD-ROM drive, it
should automatically start (unless you've disabled that feature) and
display a screen with the Parallax, Inc. logo and a number of options
to choose from (Catalog, Kits, Images, Documentation, etc).  Click on
the desired option to continue.

Some options, as described below, will take you to a second screen
where all the available items within that category are listed for you.
The list (under the heading "Items") is in a collapsible outline
format.  Click on the plus or minus signs ('+' or '-') to the left of
the desired item to see the items within that section.  

By selecting (highlighting) an item, the Install, Run or View buttons
(below the items list) become active.  Selecting Install will copy all
the files associated with the selected item to your hard drive.
Selecting Run will run the selected item (if it is a program) right 
from the CD (without installing it).  Selecting View will open up the
selected item in the appropriate viewer (if you have one installed).

*** Parallax, Inc,  Stamps In Class ***

The Parallax, Inc, and Stamps In Class options will open up your 
default browser and connect to the corresponding website. These options
require a web browser and Internet connection to view.

*** Images ***

Most images on this CD-ROM are stored in the .jpg or .tif format.  Some
are stored in a vector graphics format called .emf.  In order to use
the "View" option of the CD, you need to have the .jpg, .tif and/or the
.emf file extensions already associated with the proper software on 
your computer.  NOTE: ALL .TIF FILES ARE COMPRESSED AS .ZIP FILES. If
an extension is not already associated with that item, you'll have to
find software that can open that file and use it to open the images
manually.

*** Documentation ***

Most of the documentation on the CD is stored in .pdf format.  This 
requires the latest version of Adobe Acrobat Reader to be installed on
your computer for viewing.  This CD contains a free Adobe Acrobat
Reader for your convenience.  Simply select the Acrobat Reader option
to install this software on your computer.

*** Kits ***

The Kits section lists items associated with each kit.  These items 
can be found (separately) under the Documents, Software and Source Code
options, but are gathered here for your convenience.

*** WinZip ***

Some files on the CD are compressed into .zip files.  The WinZip
installation software is included on this CD for that purpose.